feat: fall back to `eth_sendTransaction` on `sendCalls` (#3648)
wevm/viem: site/pages/docs/actions/wallet/sendCalls.mdx

:::

### Compatibility Fallback

> If the Wallet does not support EIP-5792 and `wallet_sendCalls`, passing the `experimental_fallback` 
> flag to `sendCalls` will indicate for Viem to fall back to executing the calls sequentially
> via `eth_sendTransaction`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Wallet does not support EIP-5792 and `wallet_sendCalls`, passing the `experimental_fallback` 
flag to `sendCalls` will allow Viem to fall back to executing the calls sequentially
via `eth_sendTransaction`. 
```
